docs(ui5-toolbar): fix documentation (#7667)
SAP/ui5-webcomponents: docs/internal/Toolbar.md

# Creating a web component abstract item to be used inside Toolbar

*This section explains how to build abstract items in order to be compatible with UI5 Toolbar.*
*It will guide you through the process of how we created `ui5-toolbar-button`, to be

> compatible with ui5-toolbar. Currently developed items can be used without those efforts. They are:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compatible with `ui5-toolbar`. Currently developed items can be used without those efforts. They are:*
```

2. ui5-toolbar-select
3. ui5-toolbar-separator
4. ui5-toolbar-spacer

## Abstract items
 
### Why are abstract items needed?
 
When the toolbar renders its slotted items within a popover in the static area, simply relocating the actual DOM nodes within its slots can lead to reference issues, causing the slotted nodes to lose their parent reference (e.g., the toolbar). This is the reason why the toolbar must operate with abstract items. Abstract items are not rendered directly within the DOM; instead, they function as data used by the toolbar to produce corresponding physical web components. On the other hand, useful modifications detected by the toolbar on the physical items are synchronised with the abstract ones. (see step [Events](#events))
 
The `ui5-toolbar` is a composite web component, that slots different UI5 components, designing them as abstract items. They can contain
properties, slots and events, and they can match the API of already existing component.
In order to be suitable for usage inside `ui5-toolbar`, each component should adhere to following guidelines:

1. The component needs to implement a class with component name of the following type:

```javascript

>     ToolbarButton.ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ToolbarButton.ts
```

```

2. The new component needs to implement two template files with name of the following type:

```javascript

>     ToolbarButton.hbs and ToolbarPopoverButton.hbs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ToolbarButton.hbs and ToolbarPopoverButton.hbs
```

```

3. It needs to implement **customElement** decorator, which is good to contain custom tag name:

```javascript
@customElement({
    tag: "ui5-toolbar-button"
})
```

4. The class should extend **ToolbarItem** base class, which should also be added as a dependency.

```javascript

>    class ToolbarButton extends ToolbarItem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class ToolbarButton extends ToolbarItem
```

```

5. Inside the module there should be two template getters: for toolbar and popover representation.

```javascript
static get toolbarTemplate() {
    return ToolbarButtonTemplate;
}

static get toolbarPopoverTemplate() {
    return ToolbarPopoverButtonTemplate;
}
```

6. After the class declaration there should be a registry call for the item inside the toolbar. **registerToolbarItem** helper should be added as a dependency.

```javascript

>     import { registerToolbarItem } from "./ToolbarRegistry.js";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { registerToolbarItem } from "./ToolbarRegistry.js";
```

```

```javascript

>     registerToolbarItem(ToolbarButton);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registerToolbarItem(ToolbarButton);
```

```

7. In the templates there should be mapping of the properties that need to be used in the component inside Toolbar.

Inside ToolbarButton.ts:
 
```typescript
@property()
text!: string;
 
@property({ type: Boolean })
disabled!: boolean;
```
 
Inside ToolbarButtonTemplate.hbs:
 
```html
<ui5-button
  class="ui5-tb-item"
  ?disabled="{{this.disabled}}"
  data-ui5-external-action-item-id="{{this._id}}"
  data-ui5-stable="{{this.stableDomRef}}"
>
  {{this.text}}
</ui5-button>
```

> 8. Inside the new component class there should be mapping of events that the component is subscribed to, in order to pass them to the abstract item.

Reviewer: Since we now have e section about the evetns we can omit the step 8

The subscription should look like that (see step [Events](#events)):

```javascript
get subscribedEvents() {
    const map = new Map();

    map.set("click", { preventClosing: true });
    map.set("change", { preventClosing: false });

    return map;
}

```
9. The new component's DOM root element needs to have `"ui5-tb-item"` CSS class in order to get default styles for item (margins etc.).
10. The new class needs to be added to the bundle file in the corresponding library.

Inside bundle.common.js:
```javascript

>     import ToolbarButton from "./dist/ToolbarButton.js";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import ToolbarButton from "./dist/ToolbarButton.js";
```

# Creating a web component abstract item to be used inside Toolbar

*This section explains how to build abstract items in order to be compatible with UI5 Toolbar.*

> *It will help for creation of the sample web component **ui5-toolbar-dummy-component***.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*It will guide you through the creation of the sample web component **ui5-toolbar-dummy-component***.
```

## Abstract items

> UI5-Toolbar is a composite web component, which slots different UI5 components, desigining them as abstract items. They can contain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UI5-Toolbar is a composite web component, that slots different UI5 components, desigining them as abstract items. They can contain
```

> properties, slots and events and they can match the API of already existing component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
properties, slots and events, and they can match the API of already existing component.
```

> In order to be suitable for usage inside ui5-toolbar, each component should align to following guidelines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to be suitable for usage inside ui5-toolbar, each component should adhere to following guidelines:
```

1. The component needs to implement a class with component name of the following type:

```javascript
    ToolbarDummyComponent.ts
```

2. It needs to implement **customElement** decorator, which is good to contain custom tag name:

```javascript
    @customElement({
        tag: "ui5-toolbar-dummy-component"
    })
```

> 3. The class should extend **ToolbarItem** base class, which should be also added as a dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The class should extend **ToolbarItem** base class, which should also be added as a dependency.
```

```javascript
   class ToolbarDummyComponent extends ToolbarItem
```

4. Inside the module there should be two template getters: for toolbar and popover representation.

```javascript
    static get toolbarTemplate() {
        return ToolbarDummyComponentTemplate;
    }

    static get toolbarPopoverTemplate() {
        return ToolbarPopoverDummyComponentTemplate;
    }
```

> 5. After class declaration there should be a registry call for the item inside Toolbar. **registerToolbarItem** helper should be added as a dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. After the class declaration there should be a registry call for the item inside the toolbar. **registerToolbarItem** helper should be added as a dependency.
```

```javascript
    registerToolbarItem(ToolbarDummyComponent);
```

6. The new component needs to implement two template files with name of the following type:

```javascript
    ToolbarDummyComponent.hbs and ToolbarPopoverDummyComponent.hbs
```

7. In the templates there should be mapping of the properties that need to be used in the component inside Toolbar.

Inside ToolbarDummyComponent.ts:
```javascript
	@property()
	text!: string;
```

Inside ToolbarDummyComponentTemplate.hbs:
```javascript
    {{this.text}}
```

> 8. Inside the new component class there should be mapping of events that the component is subscribed to in order to pass them to the abstract item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Inside the new component class there should be mapping of events that the component is subscribed to, in order to pass them to the abstract item.
```
